Young master, aren t we here to ask for a dowry?
There is no dowry now.
Instead, it spent a billion dollars.
Mortgage company.
How to tell grandpa?
Say what?
I am the great young master of the Qin dynasty.
What's wrong with buying land?
Get some cows to come in.
It's a wasteland.
And the price is too high.
You also feel stupid.
No.
That's all I am.
If only the milk tank had been built on that land.
I'm naming you the milk bottle manager.
The milk in the house belongs to your management.
Of course, I think that the soil of that milk tank will definitely be of higher value.
If not born
I'll give you 10 million.
10 million real
It's natural.
But you're the big milk bottle manager first.
Come back.
Master, you know that you bought the land.
I want you back there.
Then go ahead.
Dad, I'm back. I'm looking for a job.
The company's equity has been mortgaged.
Right.
For a woman.
Did you mortgage the company?
Are you trying to make me angry?